Version 2.10.6 adding missing changelog (#3692)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### 2.10.6 - WEDNESDAY, 27th DECEMBER 2023 ###

> * Feature: Transform to - Added transform to option for Image-Gallery.

Reviewer: Transform from Core Gallery to Spectra Image Gallery.

## Changelog ##

### 2.10.6 - WEDNESDAY, 27th DECEMBER 2023 ###
* Feature: Transform to - Added transform to option for core gallery to spectra Image Gallery.
* Improvement: Caching - Added compatibility with Cloudway's caching - Breeze plugin.
* Fix: FAQ - Resolved an issue wherein FAQ blocks inside an inner-container would shrink when minimized.
* Fix: Tabs - Resolved an issue wherein the nested tab does not shows the content on the frontend.
* Fix: Google Maps - Resolved an issue where the eye icon to hide the page title disappears when importing Google Maps in the editor.

> * Fix: Slider - Resolved an slides per view ( pro option ) not working in editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix: Slider - Resolved an issue where slides per view ( pro feature ) was not working in editor.
```
